Proposal for the new website design and functionality (#18)
pspdev/pspdev.github.io: downloads.md

---
title: Downloads
layout: home

> nav_order: 2

Reviewer: I would put this after quickstart

---

# Downloads
{: .fs-8 .fw-700 .text-center }

> - Source code:
>     - PSPDEV: [Download](https://github.com/pspdev/pspdev/releases/tag/latest)
> 
> - Docker image:
>     - PSPSDK: [Download](https://github.com/pspdev/pspsdk/pkgs/container/pspsdk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloading the latest version of the PSPDEV toolchain for your system [here](https://github.com/pspdev/pspdev/releases/tag/latest).

Alternatively, a Docker container is available [here](https://github.com/pspdev/pspdev/pkgs/container/pspdev).
```
This was using the wrong link for the docker container. It stating source code is also not quite right.
